1.16.2 release notes (#226)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/release-notes/1.16.2.md

---
date: 2020-07-07T08:00:00-07:00
linktitle: "1.16.2"
title: "1.16.2"
kubernetes: "1.16, 1.17, and 1.18"
---

{{<fixes>}}

> * Fixed an issue where the docker registry setup process would fail for registries that did not return docker-formatted JSON web tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed issue that caused docker registry setup to fail for registries that do not return docker-formatted JSON web tokens (e.g., Artifactory and Nexus-Connected Registries).
```
